both loved the referee of the river greater justice the height of the challenge
end of the season for career steps
this one by time with missions fulfilled in this national championship
some doubts in the team driven by an obscene power
this year the team by itself
and left on the bench
and claudete balakov who was much applauded this afternoon
photos on the contrary stood on the bench for having spoken more of the press
About the game it was very bad
the first 45 minutes
were an example
of what the sporting closes spaces this season very stale football
the agreed
with youth
and effectiveness some of its strongholds
at 24 minutes
Nelson's father format hit the defensive barrier of paços ferreira a
little ball
does not betray pattern
34 Minutes Wary Cushioning for Chairs the Shepherd Defender's Heel
was to allow mate the best marker of the national championship
to the 42 minutes and centers of the sporting were not there and miguel bruno
enjoyed very good and hori of the event suggested
to make the first goal of the match
to the 49 new example the hard work attack of the sporting team
many paecu processes case and novel
there was a lot missing
to the sporting attack
kampusch and paula for nine years
to the monumental whistle of sporting partners
on the wall of the state manager came what is the place where was before what
I felt the lunch
the pain of sporting marks the first goal
I do not even know Peugeot gave the best follow-up to this ball
iordanov tried to extend undone
and shovel cut dead
lacked the competent armed ball to
we want
on the palate sequence puts the ball almost from within the goal and the standard
after 24 minutes with rain
this hypothesis the goalkeeper ferreira goalkeeper equality
in the stadium of josé de alvalade
the class d already in peace and kuki by little
I do not cook rogerio
balakov capita sporting counterattack
were good
the soccer
giordano lettuce the hardest
The next minute, good work because vetoes
already in the sand
send the ball to the second goal of the sport after
This time, my name was not mine.
the sporting returned to the condition of winner
now it's fun minutes after starting a good basketball
the stretch
the confirmation goal
appointed by the best scorer of the national championship
in alvalade
fair sporting victory
in victory however
did not speak
bad football practiced